Stage securityagent integration for release (#737)
newrelic/go-agent: v3/integrations/nrsecurityagent/README.md

# v3/integrations/nrsecurityagent [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/newrelic/go-agent/v3/integrations/nrsecurityagent?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/newrelic/go-agent/v3/integrations/nrsecurityagent)

> This integration allows you to have the New Relic security agent analyze your application for potentially exploitable vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The New Relic security agent analyzes your application for potentially exploitable vulnerabilities.
```
